docs:add watch and txn doc (#6863)
datafuselabs/databend: docs/doc/60-contributing/03-rfcs/20220728-metasrv-txn.md

---

> title: Transaction support in MetaService
> description: 
>   Transaction support in MetaService
> ---
> 
> MetaService support transaction with `KVApi`, transaction parameters are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Transaction support in databend-meta
description: 
  Transaction support in databend-meta
---

Databend-meta support transaction with `KVApi`, transaction parameters are:
```

> * condition: `condition` is a list of predicates. If all of them success, the `if_then` will be executed, otherwise `else_then` op will be executed.
> * if_then: `if_then` is a list of operations will be executed when all condition evaluates to true.
> * else_then: `else_then` is a list of operations will be executed when not all condition evaluates to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* condition: `condition` is a list of predicates. If all of them succeed, the `if_then` will be executed, otherwise `else_then` op will be executed.
* if_then: `if_then` is a list of operations that will be executed when all condition evaluates to be true.
* else_then: `else_then` is a list of operations that will be executed when not all condition evaluates to be true.
```

> The `condition` is a list of `TxnCondition`, which includes these fields:
> 
> * key: String format key to compared with.
> * target: The target of key value to be compared with, it can be the last success upsert operation sequence number of the key, or the bytes value of the key.
> * expected: The expected result of condition, result includes `EQ`, `GT`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `condition` is a list of `TxnCondition`, which includes these fields:

* key: String format key to compare with.
* target: The target of key value to be compared with, can be the last success upsert operation sequence number of the key or the bytes value of the key.
* expected: The expected result of condition, the result includes `EQ`, `GT`, etc.
```
